
The seven different types of female orgasm… and how to make them happen

UP to a third of women say they struggle to achieve orgasms through sexual
intercourse.

But pleasure should be on the cards regardless – because sex experts have
identified SEVEN different ways a woman can orgasm.

And each different type of orgasm produces a different sensation.

If you have a female partner, you owe it to her to learn about these.

1) The Clitoral Orgasm
The most common, and easily achieved, type of orgasm. Feelings start in the
clitoris and send waves of pleasure through the body.

The clitoris is possibly the most nerve-rich area of the woman’s body, all
packed into something the size of a pea.

Even gentle stimulation can be enough.

2) The Nipple Orgasm
Nipple stimulation engages the same pleasure centres as the clitoris. While
stimulation of the clitoris AND nipples at the same time can have
mind-blowing effects, some women are lucky enough to climax on nipple
stimulation alone.

3) The G-spot Orgasm
This is where the orgasm begins. Located two to three inches inside the
vagina, the G-spot contains a huge amount of pleasurable nerve endings and
is found to have a rough texture.

G-spot orgasms can be elusive but are explosive and often lead to a
leg-shuddering sensation.

To help achieve one, use a circular motion during intercourse, have sex from
behind or gently hook a finger inside your partner. Be patient, it can take
20 to 25 minutes.

4) The Anal Orgasm
There are two sphincters at the base of the anus that expand and contract
during orgasm anyway. So direct stimulation can lead to an intense orgasm.
Make sure your muscles are relaxed and use plenty of lubricant though.

5) The Urethral Orgasm
Sometimes known as the U-spot, it’s a small area of sensitive tissue just
above and on either side of the urethral opening. Gently caressing the area
with a finger, like you would with the clitoris, can create a powerful
orgasm.

6) The A-spot Orgasm
Located deep within the vagina, around 4-5 inches, the A-spot is found on the
same wall as the G-spot. After an orgasm the A-spot can quickly be
sensitised to create a second orgasm and possibly multiple orgasms.

Missionary position with the man performing short thrusts is the best way to
achieve this one.

7) The Vaginal Orgasm
Achieved with penetration alone, these are a rare type of orgasm but produce a
deeper sensation. They take a long time to achieve and require complete
relaxation but many women say they are worth it.


